feat: Disable scrape metrics by default (#674)
kyma-project/telemetry-manager: docs/user/04-metrics.md

Note that metrics from system namespaces are excluded by default when a namespace selector for the `prometheus` or `runtime` input is not defined. However, for the `istio` and `otlp` input, metrics from system namespaces are included by default if the namespace selector is not defined.

### Step 9: Enable Diagnostic Metrics

> When using the `prometheus` or `istio` input feature of the MetricPipeline, for every metric source typical scrape metrics are getting produced and these are concrete

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the `prometheus` or `istio` input feature of the MetricPipeline, typical scrape metrics are produced for every metric source. These metrics include:
```

> - up
> - scrape_duration_seconds
> - scrape_samples_scraped
> - scrape_samples_post_metric_relabeling
> - scrape_series_added

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `up`
- `scrape_duration_seconds`
- `scrape_samples_scraped`
- `scrape_samples_post_metric_relabeling`
- `scrape_series_added`
```

> These are rather technical metrics and useful for debugging and diagnostic purposes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are rather technical metrics, useful for debugging and diagnostic purposes. 
```

> These are rather technical metrics and useful for debugging and diagnose purposes. However, they are also causing data and they are by default disabled.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These are rather technical metrics and useful for debugging and diagnostic purposes. 
```

may be we can write this whole sentence in a better way highlighting the additional space requirement.

To enable diagnostic metrics, define a MetricPipeline that has the `diagnosticMetrics` section defined in inputs `prometheus` or/and `istio`. Learn more about the available [parameters and attributes](resources/05-metricpipeline.md).

The following example collects diagnostic metrics only for input `istio`:

```yaml
apiVersion: telemetry.kyma-project.io/v1alpha1
kind: MetricPipeline
metadata:
  name: backend
spec:
  input:
    istio:
      enabled: true
      diagnosticMetrics:
        enabled: true
  output:
    otlp:
      endpoint:
        value: https://backend.example.com:4317
```

The following example collects diagnostic metrics only for input `prometheus`:

```yaml
apiVersion: telemetry.kyma-project.io/v1alpha1
kind: MetricPipeline
metadata:
  name: backend
spec:
  input:
    prometheus:
      enabled: true
      diagnosticMetrics:
        enabled: true
  output:
    otlp:
      endpoint:
        value: https://backend.example.com:4317
```

> Note diagnostic metrics are available only for inputs `prometheus` adn `istio` and are disabled by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Diagnostic metrics are only available for inputs `prometheus` and `istio`. They are disabled by default.
```
